Q1. What is NPM ?
Ans: first of all NPM does not stand for NODE-package-Manager. YES! it is used for managing node package modules but it Does not stand for Node package Manager. Strange!!!.
Q2. npm init?
Ans: npm init is a command in Node.js that is used to initialize a new Node.js project and create a package.json file.
Q3. What is package.JSON ?
Ans: The package.json is like a document that lists everything about your project:
Q4. Types of dependencies in a project?
Ans: There are majorly 2 types of dependencies: 
    1. DevDependencies: these are the packages that are required only for development and testing, these are not required for production.ex- bundler
    2. dependencies: these are packages or libraries that are directly required to run your app.ex- express
Q5. What is Package-lock.json ?
Ans: The package-lock.json is automatically generated for any operations where npm modifies either the node_modules tree, or package.json. It describes the exact tree that was generated, it keeps the track of exact versions for the package modules installed.
Q6. What is the difference between package.json and package-lock.json ?
Ans: The package.json is like a document that lists everything about your project: 
    1. The name of your project
    2. The version of your project (in case you want to publish it)
    3. The dependencies of your project
    4. The scripts you want to run
    5. The author of the project
    6. The license of the project
    7. The package-lock.json is automatically generated for any operations where npm modifies either the node_modules tree, or package.json. It describes the exact tree that was generated, such that subsequent installs are able to generate identical trees, regardless of intermediate dependency updates.
Q7. node_modules?
Ans: node_modules is where npm stores all the modules that it installs. It's kind of like the node_modules folder is the "Program Files" of the Node world. It's where npm installs things that you want to use globally, like the gulp command line tool, or the grunt command line tool.
Q8. transitive dependencies?
Ans: Transitive dependencies are dependencies of dependencies (dependencies of the direct dependencies of your project). For example, if your project depends on package A, which itself depends on package B, which depends on package C, then C is a transitive dependency of your project.
Q9. how many package.json files can be there in a project?
Ans: There can be only one package.json file in a project. But there can be multiple Package.json files because every dependency has its own package.json file. for example if you have installed parcel bundler then it will have its own package.json file.
Q10. why dont we commit node_modules folder?
Ans: Because it is not required to commit node_modules folder, it is automatically generated when we run npm install command. But we do need to commit package.json and package-lock.json files. because these files are required to run the project. as these files contain the information about the dependencies and devDependencies of the project. and they tell the npm to install the required dependencies and devDependencies.
Q11. When is package-lock.json file generated?
Ans: The package-lock.json is automatically generated for any operations where npm modifies either the node_modules tree, or package.json.
Q12. When is package.json file generated?
Ans: After running npm init command.
Q13. What is npx and what is the difference between npm and npx?
Ans: npx is used to execute downloaded packages. while npm is used to download packages.
Q14. What is the difference between npm install and npm i?
Ans: There is no difference between npm install and npm i. npm i is just a shortcut for npm install.
Q15. What are the benefits of using parcel bundler?
Ans: benefits of parcel are:
    1. HMR (Hot Module Replacement)
    2. Automatic bundling
    3. Automatic transpiling
    4. Automatic minification
    5. Automatic cache busting
    6. Automatic code splitting
    7. Automatic asset optimization
    8. Automatic dead code elimination
    9. Automatic tree shaking
    10. Automatic scope hoisting
Q16. What is parcel bundler?
Ans: Parcel is a web application bundler. It is used to bundle the web application files into a single file. that is it creates 3 files: 
    1. index.html
    2. index.js
    3. index.css
    for the whole project. and it also creates a dist folder which contains all the files that are required to run the project. 
Q17. What is tree shaking?
Ans: Tree shaking is a term commonly used in the JavaScript context for dead-code elimination.
Q18. Why should i not modify package-lock.json file?
Ans: Because it is automatically generated by npm. and it is used to keep the track of exact versions for the package modules installed. so if you modify it then it will not be able to keep the track of exact versions for the package modules installed.
Q19. What is Dist folder?
Ans: Dist folder is the folder that is created by parcel bundler. it contains all the files that are required to run the project. It contains minified files of index.html, index.js and index.css.

Notes: 

1. 
 "devDependencies": { "parcel": "^2.11.0" } : I have copied this from package.json file. The main thing to notice here is the symbols:
    1. Caret(^): this symbol is called caret and it is put inside package.json module, its use is such that It AUTOMATICALLY updates the package to the next minor update, whenever there is one found.
    2. tilde(~): this symbol is called tilde and it is put inside package.json module, its use is such that It AUTOMATICALLY updates the package to the next Major update, whenever there is one found.

    #episode-2 completed date: 22:01:2024 